Privacy Policy for "Minesweeper v2"

Last updated: Jule 30, 2021

Protecting your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by "Minesweeper v2", and the partners ("Minesweeper v2", "we" or "us"). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our mobile applications. ​

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to our application page). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.

Personal identity information

We hope the following statement will help you understand how our app deals with the personal identifiable information ("PII").

Generally, we do not collect any PII from you when you download our applications. To be specific, we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application, nor do we keep track of the consumers' visits of our application, we even don't have a Server to store such PII. We use the non-personal information only by third-party libs, just like ad-service and statistic service. Users may refuse to provide personal information at any time. In these cases, the user should avoid using social networking features such as sharing and friend invitation requests.

Non-personally identifiable information

We may collect information about the user's non-personally identifiable information when they are concerned about our services. The information includes but is not limited to: device type, brand and model, Android operating system version, unique device identifier, location, and country.

Personal information

Collecting personal information that may vary according to our services may include: the basic personal data of the social network , asking for permission to publish.

The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use. The data we collect can include SDK/API code version, browser, Internet service provider, platform, IP address, timestamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent deice identifier, Android ad master identifier, iOS ad identifier (IDFA), network card (MAC) address, and international mobile device identification code (IMEI) The equipment model, the terminal manufacturer, the terminal device operating system version, the session start / stop time, the location of the language, the time zone and the network state (WiFi and so on), etc.

Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Information use

"Minesweeper v2" collects and uses user personal information for the following purposes:

The information provided by the user to help us with the support needs, and the customer response service request is more efficient.

We can use information to summarize the services we use as a community for our users and provide resources for our services. In addition, users of personal information will provide other activities that will allow "Minesweeper v2" to send messages to them, among other things, new product features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, races and their interests. Users can also send e-mails to us by uninstalling our services later, or simply exit these communications.

Product Improvement. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities. 


Share your personal information

"Minesweeper v2" will not sell, trade or rent the user personally identifiable information to others. The only exception is that the law enforcement agency or similar organization needs to be in criminal investigation circumstances, may expose the user or our legal personal information to prevent fraud or criminal activity, infringement of intellectual property or other illegal activities.

To improve our product and provide you better service, we also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, companies we've hired to provide data analytical services may need collect and access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements.

Analysis, advertising and other services provided by other companies

We may allow other third party companies to serve ads in our services, providing users with experience analysis services or other services. These companies may use cookies, website beacons, user account information (user settings with these companies) and other technologies to collect our services to your personal information, other online services such as IP addresses, your mobile devices, convert information The identifier, the browser's usage, and the page are already accessible. This information can be used to provide advertising and content based on the user & apos; These third-party companies can also share information with their customers and customers. This Privacy Policy does not apply and we are not responsible for third party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking techniques.

Ad Tracking & Third Party Analytics and Advertising Services

Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. 

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: vldslvsm@gmail.com
